Doc 1466 (#2014)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/administration/system-logs.md

categories: ["RC"]
aliases: /rv/administration/system-logs/
---
The **Logs** page contains events, alerts, and logs from the activities, databases, and subscriptions associated with your account.

![System Logs in the UI](/images/rc/system-logs.png)

You can:

> * Sort the list in descending or ascending order using the the arrow displayed to right of the field name in the header. Supported fields include **Time, Originator, Database name,** and **Activity.**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sort the list by a specific field in descending or ascending order. Supported fields include **Time, Originator, Database name,** and **Activity.**  
```

{{<image filename="images/rc/icon-database-list-sort-ascending.png" alt="Use the arrows in the list header to sort the list." >}}{{< /image >}} {{<image filename="images/rc/icon-database-list-sort-descending.png" alt="The direction of the arrow corresponds to the direction of the sort." >}}{{< /image >}}    

>     Select the arrow icon to change the sort order.  One sort order can be active at any given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Select the arrow icon to change the sort order.  You can only sort by one field at a time.
```

> * Use the export all button displayed in the top right of the page to export all logs as a CSV file for use in other systems and programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the **Export all** button to export all logs as a CSV file for use in other systems and programs.
```

  {{<image filename="images/rc/system-logs-export.png" alt="Use the export all button in the top right to export all logs to a CSV file">}}{{< /image >}} 

> * Use the refresh button displayed in the top right of the page to refresh the system logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the refresh button to refresh the system logs.
```

  {{<image filename="images/rc/system-logs-refresh.png" alt="Use the refresh button in the top right to refresh the system logs">}}{{< /image >}}

> * Use the search bar displayed in the top right of the page to search for specific logs. Supported fields include **Originator, Database name,Activity,** and **Description.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the search bar to search for specific logs. Supported fields include **Originator, Database name, Activity,** and **Description.**
```
